Added entry for tw cli segfault error (#238)
seqeralabs/nf-tower-docs: docs/faqs.md

Yes. As of `tw` v0.6.0, this is possible. Example: `tw launch --name CUSTOM_NAME ...`

> **<p data-questions>Q: Help! Commands launched via the tw cli are resulting in segfault errors.</p>**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**<p data-questions>Q: Commands launched via the tower cli are resulting in segfault errors.</p>**
```

Beginning with `tw` cli version 0.6.1, a switch was made to statically link GLibC instead of MUSL. This can result in segfaults depending on the operating system where the cli commands are run (still present as of version 0.6.4).

> Seqera Labs is diligently working to resolve this issue. In the meantime, please revert back to `tw` cli version 0.6.0 as a workaround.

Reviewer: @gwright99 , should we really recommend this? 

The resume functionality and couple other don't work on that release.

Author: Better than a segfault error that makes it unusable. @jordeu for an opinion if we think a fix will be out soon (at which point I'd suggest upgrading rather than rolling back).

Reviewer: Perhaps this has been addressed with the latest release https://github.com/seqeralabs/tower-cli/releases/tag/v0.6.5 

If so, then let's update the text and merge this PR.

Author: Did this never get merged? I can update in place this morning.

Reviewer: Nope, this went in the "waiting" mode 😶
